porting_legbot.md, before:

# Non-Issues:

    - all models were imported correctly
    - animations imported correctly
    - materials imported correctly
    - the skeleton was translated correctly

# Issues:

    - the gun pivot is controlled by the "EnemyShootBullet" script to always look at the player
    - enemy behavior is completely missing (as expected)
    - audio sources couldn't be imported
    - particles couldn't be imported

# Solutions:

    - rebuild the particle effect
    - rebuild the "Wake up and go" of child and "Set Delay To Wake Up" script of parent node
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" can also wake up all the enemies after a certain time or using a trigger
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" is part of LegBot (called AIbody in the level for some reason) 
            - implement time delays for execution of StartWakeUp and TurnNavMeshAndGunOn
            - although _enter_tree is the true equivalent of Awake, _ready works better
        - more details under "porting_scripts"
    - reimplement navigation
        - adding navigationsagend3d 
        - changing main legbot node to characterbody3d
        - moving collision shape out of the collider, so that it's under characterbody3d
        - writing a whole script for movement inside _physics_process
            - getting next and current position
            - calculating and setting velocity (built into CharacterBody3D)
            - implemting smooth turning with lerp_angle
                - angular velocity had to be changed
        - implementing the isPlayerInSight function with raycasting (see porting_scripts)
            - important for "EnemyShootBullet"
            - imortant that the sight check works regardless of bullets or effects blocking the sight
    - use a signal to enable the navigation and the gun
    - to stop navigation created a global var "currentSpeed" and set that to 0 to stop and to const "speed" to the orginial speed
    - setting up expression based transitions
        - changing animation expression base node of animation tree to LegBot
        - creating enum to represent expressions (Walking, NotWalking)
        - also changing the expression conditions to be like "state = <state>"
    - also make animation transition smoothly by setting a crossfade
        - transition times are taken from the original but there seems to be no way of saying when the fade should start
    - reimplement gun
        - recreate "EnemyShootBullet" of GunPivot
            - coroutines cannot be done like in Unity because they cannot be interrupted
            - instead done with a simple bool and if statement to abort coroutine indirectly
        - recreate "DestroyOnImpact"
    - recreate audio source, thankfully the sounds themselves have been imported
        - most audio can just be played through a script
        - step sounds are played by the legbotWalk2 animation
            - just like in Unity add a new track
            - add keyframes for each step
            - add step sound to each keyframe


# Personal notes:
    
    - something is super fucked in the animations, there are 140 errors but the animation player still works?
        - just delete all the leftover armature paths
    - how do I call animation nodes like in Unity?
        - (bad idea) by calling the animation player and then play(<animation>) 
            - this causes the animation to loop though, maybe it's better to call the animationtree instead?
                - still loops with animation tree
                - looks like I still need to switch to walk or idle by myself
                - can be stopped by disabling looping in the animation player with the button next to the animation time
                    - make idle loop with this method
            - enabling the animation tree stops the animation player
        - use the animation tree with some string parameter bs like get("parameters/Base Layer/playback") to get the state machine
        - "travel" to the desired node, works even when not connected 
    - there is a "SetWakingUp" method but idk when it's called
        - there seems to be an enemy trigger that the player can walk into
        - that one is activating the scripts in "SetDelayToWakeUp" which activates the enemies
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" can also wake up all the enemies after a certain time without a trigger
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" is part of LegBot and AIbody??
            - "SetDelayToWakeUp" calls Awake() when LegBot is loaded?
            - I guess "ready()" does the same thing in Godot
            - so where does it belong to? AIBody or LegBot
                - it seems like the LegBot in the scene has one less layer, as if the outer LegBot was renamed to AIbody
                    - indeed is just seems like it was renamed for no reason
                - adding another legbot breaks the other one, my guess it that it "takes away" the wake up from the existing one
                    - moving the new legbot below (not under) the old one fixes it again
        - how do I get the reference to WakeUpAndGo?
            - like this get_node(nodePath) as WakeUpAndGo
        - commenting out "TurnNavmeshAndGunOn" aparently does nothing?
    - legbot is still clipping into the ground
        - it's the navmesh offset in unity
        - doesn't work in Godot though, at least not imediately
    - there is a navmesh agent but unidot can't take care of it
    - is the npc class necessary for the navmesh to work?
        - yes and no... to be exact it needs velocity and move_and_slide
        - but then it needs a shape or else it cannot collide
    - to change animation of animation node choose an animation from the inspector it's not a state machine, the reason you don't have a pen icon!
    - animations aren't blending smoothly
        - I can add a crossfade time
    - maybe I could change the expressions to nav.target_position = global_position
    - now the damn animation state is stuck of idle....
        - nvm Godot is actually retarded and didn't "save" the expressions
    - calculating velocity is a little strange
        - right now I am doing velocity.move_toward(new_velocity*speed,accel)
        - but if the syntax of move_toward is <direction> and <amount> then this is bullshit
    - onto coroutines...
        - in EnemyShootBullet a coroutine is started to do the firing routine
        - StopBeforeWarning interrupts coroutine between preparing to shoot and flashing the warning
            - if you keep breaking line of sight the bot will just follow you around without warning or shooting
            - alternatively I could check if player is still in line of sight after the preparation timer runs out
        - maybe Await is a fitting equivalent? yield for sure isn't
            - a tutorial shows a timeout which is perfect for what I need
            - it keeps piling on so I am not using it correctly
            - seems like yield isn't used in Godot 4 anymore
        - there is no "StopAllCoroutines", how do I stop the bot from shooting wildly?
            - await waits for a signal, maybe that's why it keeps piling on?
                - try and not await for shootingProcedures
                    - that didn't seem to change anything
            - original code has StartCoroutine in the update function
                - but if that is the problem why doesn't unity pile on coroutines?
            - changing process to physics_process doesn't help either
            - maybe it's because of the two await statements and the timers "confusing" the awaits
                - nope
            - for now I am preventing await from being called multiple times by setting a condition
            - to imitate the "StopCoroutine" thing I could maybe make a signal that is either emitted by the end of the coroutine or the "StopBeforeWarning" function
                - I have a feeling that this won't cancel the function
                - just use a bool instead, this will actually cancel the coroutine
    - I don't know where the walk sound effect is played in the original version
        - apparently it's played by the "PlaySomeAudio" script but the only function inside of it "PlayAudio" is not referenced anywhere?!
        - found it: it's those little tampon marker thingies at the top of the animation timeline
        - million dollar question: can godot do something similar?
            - yes and it works!
    - smooth turning works but the bot spawns facing the wrong direction

Commit message:

fixing the bullet physics in slomo

porting_legbot.md, after:

# Non-Issues:

    - all models were imported correctly
    - animations imported correctly
    - materials imported correctly
    - the skeleton was translated correctly

# Issues:

    - the gun pivot is controlled by the "EnemyShootBullet" script to always look at the player
    - enemy behavior is completely missing (as expected)
    - audio sources couldn't be imported
    - particles couldn't be imported

# Solutions:

    - rebuild the particle effect
    - rebuild the "Wake up and go" of child and "Set Delay To Wake Up" script of parent node
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" can also wake up all the enemies after a certain time or using a trigger
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" is part of LegBot (called AIbody in the level for some reason) 
            - implement time delays for execution of StartWakeUp and TurnNavMeshAndGunOn
            - although _enter_tree is the true equivalent of Awake, _ready works better
        - more details under "porting_scripts"
    - reimplement navigation
        - adding navigationsagend3d 
        - changing main legbot node to characterbody3d
        - moving collision shape out of the collider, so that it's under characterbody3d
        - writing a whole script for movement inside _physics_process
            - getting next and current position
            - calculating and setting velocity (built into CharacterBody3D)
            - implemting smooth turning with lerp_angle
                - angular velocity had to be changed
        - implementing the isPlayerInSight function with raycasting (see porting_scripts)
            - important for "EnemyShootBullet"
            - imortant that the sight check works regardless of bullets or effects blocking the sight
    - use a signal to enable the navigation and the gun
    - to stop navigation created a global var "currentSpeed" and set that to 0 to stop and to const "speed" to the orginial speed
    - setting up expression based transitions
        - changing animation expression base node of animation tree to LegBot
        - creating enum to represent expressions (Walking, NotWalking)
        - also changing the expression conditions to be like "state = <state>"
    - also make animation transition smoothly by setting a crossfade
        - transition times are taken from the original but there seems to be no way of saying when the fade should start
    - reimplement gun
        - recreate "EnemyShootBullet" of GunPivot
            - coroutines cannot be done like in Unity because they cannot be interrupted
            - instead done with a simple bool and if statement to abort coroutine indirectly
            - use add_constant_central_force instead of apply_central_force
                - physics are very different with different time scales
                - causes the bullet to just drop on the floor
        - recreate "DestroyOnImpact"
    - recreate audio source, thankfully the sounds themselves have been imported
        - most audio can just be played through a script
        - step sounds are played by the legbotWalk2 animation
            - just like in Unity add a new track
            - add keyframes for each step
            - add step sound to each keyframe


# Personal notes:
    
    - something is super fucked in the animations, there are 140 errors but the animation player still works?
        - just delete all the leftover armature paths
    - how do I call animation nodes like in Unity?
        - (bad idea) by calling the animation player and then play(<animation>) 
            - this causes the animation to loop though, maybe it's better to call the animationtree instead?
                - still loops with animation tree
                - looks like I still need to switch to walk or idle by myself
                - can be stopped by disabling looping in the animation player with the button next to the animation time
                    - make idle loop with this method
            - enabling the animation tree stops the animation player
        - use the animation tree with some string parameter bs like get("parameters/Base Layer/playback") to get the state machine
        - "travel" to the desired node, works even when not connected 
    - there is a "SetWakingUp" method but idk when it's called
        - there seems to be an enemy trigger that the player can walk into
        - that one is activating the scripts in "SetDelayToWakeUp" which activates the enemies
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" can also wake up all the enemies after a certain time without a trigger
        - "SetDelayToWakeUp" is part of LegBot and AIbody??
            - "SetDelayToWakeUp" calls Awake() when LegBot is loaded?
            - I guess "ready()" does the same thing in Godot
            - so where does it belong to? AIBody or LegBot
                - it seems like the LegBot in the scene has one less layer, as if the outer LegBot was renamed to AIbody
                    - indeed is just seems like it was renamed for no reason
                - adding another legbot breaks the other one, my guess it that it "takes away" the wake up from the existing one
                    - moving the new legbot below (not under) the old one fixes it again
        - how do I get the reference to WakeUpAndGo?
            - like this get_node(nodePath) as WakeUpAndGo
        - commenting out "TurnNavmeshAndGunOn" aparently does nothing?
    - legbot is still clipping into the ground
        - it's the navmesh offset in unity
        - doesn't work in Godot though, at least not imediately
    - there is a navmesh agent but unidot can't take care of it
    - is the npc class necessary for the navmesh to work?
        - yes and no... to be exact it needs velocity and move_and_slide
        - but then it needs a shape or else it cannot collide
    - to change animation of animation node choose an animation from the inspector it's not a state machine, the reason you don't have a pen icon!
    - animations aren't blending smoothly
        - I can add a crossfade time
    - maybe I could change the expressions to nav.target_position = global_position
    - now the damn animation state is stuck of idle....
        - nvm Godot is actually retarded and didn't "save" the expressions
    - calculating velocity is a little strange
        - right now I am doing velocity.move_toward(new_velocity*speed,accel)
        - but if the syntax of move_toward is <direction> and <amount> then this is bullshit
    - onto coroutines...
        - in EnemyShootBullet a coroutine is started to do the firing routine
        - StopBeforeWarning interrupts coroutine between preparing to shoot and flashing the warning
            - if you keep breaking line of sight the bot will just follow you around without warning or shooting
            - alternatively I could check if player is still in line of sight after the preparation timer runs out
        - maybe Await is a fitting equivalent? yield for sure isn't
            - a tutorial shows a timeout which is perfect for what I need
            - it keeps piling on so I am not using it correctly
            - seems like yield isn't used in Godot 4 anymore
        - there is no "StopAllCoroutines", how do I stop the bot from shooting wildly?
            - await waits for a signal, maybe that's why it keeps piling on?
                - try and not await for shootingProcedures
                    - that didn't seem to change anything
            - original code has StartCoroutine in the update function
                - but if that is the problem why doesn't unity pile on coroutines?
            - changing process to physics_process doesn't help either
            - maybe it's because of the two await statements and the timers "confusing" the awaits
                - nope
            - for now I am preventing await from being called multiple times by setting a condition
            - to imitate the "StopCoroutine" thing I could maybe make a signal that is either emitted by the end of the coroutine or the "StopBeforeWarning" function
                - I have a feeling that this won't cancel the function
                - just use a bool instead, this will actually cancel the coroutine
    - I don't know where the walk sound effect is played in the original version
        - apparently it's played by the "PlaySomeAudio" script but the only function inside of it "PlayAudio" is not referenced anywhere?!
        - found it: it's those little tampon marker thingies at the top of the animation timeline
        - million dollar question: can godot do something similar?
            - yes and it works!
    - smooth turning works but the bot spawns facing the wrong direction
